>> Mike North: Welcome to
TypeScript Monorepos V2.
I'm Mike North, I'm a principal staff
engineer and product architect at Stripe
and I've been a front end master's
instructor for over ten years now.
And today I wanna talk
to you about monorepos.
So first off, what is a monorepo?
It is the concept of having a single
git repository that contains multiple
packages.
Sometimes companies will have
like a language level monorepo,
so Stripe is one of these.
We have a monorepo for all of our
Java code, all of our Ruby code is
in a different repo, and then we have
a big JavaScript monorepo as well.
There are also open source projects
like if you've used Babel before,
there are many others where it's kind of
one project, but if you look into it,
you can see there are multiple
distinct packages and
you will find each of these packages
on NPM and they'll each have a version.
Sometimes you're using just
a couple of these things,
not the entire contents of
the repo in order to do something.
What are the benefits of
organizing your code this way?
Why would you aim for a monorepo instead
of the poly repo approach where you
would treat every library you
have as a separate git repo?
Well, first off, there's the issue
of dependency management.
If you've ever worked on something, say
in the open source JavaScript ecosystem,
you'll make a change in the library,
you'll open up your PR and
it'll get merged.
And then you have a whole bunch of
work where you have to go to other
packages that depend on this and
then run NPM install or PNPM install or
whatever it is and float that lock file
pinned version forward a little bit.
And you kind of have to pull it through
all of the things that depend on it and
this has to happen in multiple layers,
right?
You could be several layers
deep in a dependency graph and
a small change could result in you having
to do a lot of work beyond making the code
change just to propagate
through a polyrepo ecosystem.
Well, the idea of monorepos
is you're often locally
referencing other parts of
this software project and
you're kind of evolving
all packages at once.
You could open up a single pull
request that touches three or
four different packages within one
git repository, get that merged, and
there's really no follow on
step that you have to take.
So that's part of what makes
it attractive, especially for
a large company with a lot of
different things going on a lot
of different packages
that they have set up.
It's kind of attractive to say we
don't have to deal with this problem
of somebody made an improvement, but
it's a whole new set of work to
sort of propagate that improved,
whatever it is,
that chunk of value through our ecosystem.
And you end up with people that are sort
of two, three years behind on some
dependency just because they haven't
gotten around to doing that work.
A additional benefit of this, and it's
possible to get this benefit in a polyrepo
ecosystem, is it's that in a monorepo,
it's generally easier to be able to say
I've made a change in a library that's say
three levels deep in a dependency graph.
Say it's some UI that depends on some
library that depends on some other library
that depends on some other library,
and you're right there at the bottom.
Well, it's a lot easier when everything's
in one git repo to sort of run
the entire test suite, not just for
the library you changed, but
everything that depends on it.
And ensure that you're not just validating
against some small set of unit tests,
you're validating the whole project when
composed together, did this actually work?
Am I going to be able to roll this.